Pagerduty tile (#1021)
DataDog/integrations-extras: pagerduty/README.md

- The Widget displays the current status of key business services and their impacting business services to get complete context while working on incidents.
- Improves communication between response teams and stakeholders during incidents.

#### Requirements
- Available to all Pagerduty Business Plan and up customers

### Incidents by PagerDuty
**PagerDuty incident response actions directly from the Datadog interface**

Incidents by PagerDuty allows users to take incident action directly from the 
Datadog interface. It arms responders with knowledge of ongoing incidents within PagerDuty 
along with the ability to acknowledge and resolve all with a seamless navigation back into
PagerDuty without having to context switch between tools.

#### Features include
- Display up to 20 high urgency and active incidents for your teams
- Ability acknowledge and resolve incidents for your teams
- Ability to navigate into PagerDuty to view individual incidents and their services as well as into your incident list

#### Requirements
- Available to all PagerDuty customers

> ## Setup

Reviewer: Hi @Light-Keeper, could you please populate the Setup and Support sections?

The Setup can describe how the PagerDuty app and dashboard are automatically installed, and that users can find the widgets in the Dashboards widget tray.

> ## Support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Support
Need help? Contact Datadog [support](https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/).
```

# PagerDuty

## Overview

PagerDuty is a real-time operations platform which is continuously processing, analyzing,

> and routing event data. Our system acts as an aggregation point for data coming from multiple 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and routing event data. The system acts as an aggregation point for data coming from multiple 
```

monitoring tools and can provide a holistic view of your current state of operations. PagerDuty 
allows Datadog customers to enable more effective incident response while increasing visibility 
and accountability throughout the incident lifecycle. PagerDuty delivers two new apps that will 

> give our customers all the capabilities of our real-time operations platform, wherever they work

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
give you all the capabilities of our real-time operations platform, wherever you work
```

> without the need to switch tools. Users can easily add these new widgets, Status Dashboard by PagerDuty 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
without the need to switch tools. Add new widgets, Status Dashboard by PagerDuty 
```

> and Incidents by PagerDuty, directly to their dashboard to see the service status dashboard and respond 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and Incidents by PagerDuty, directly to your dashboard to see the service status dashboard and respond 
```

to high-urgency incidents directly from Datadog in real time.

### Status Dashboard by PagerDuty

Status Dashboard by PagerDuty provides technical responders, business responders, 
and technical and business leaders a live, shared view of system health to improve 
awareness of operational issues. It displays the current service status and sends 
notifications to alert users when business services are being impacted. This feature
improves communication between response teams and stakeholders during incidents.

#### Key Features

- Teams can view the service status dashboard directly from Datadog to get a quick, real-time view of their team’s system health.
- Users can manually trigger an incident from the PagerDuty Datadog Marketplace if they identify an issue that they know the engineering team will want to look at right away.
- The Widget displays the current status of key business services and their impacting business services to get complete context while working on incidents.
- Improves communication between response teams and stakeholders during incidents.

#### Requirements

> - Available to all Pagerduty Business Plan and up customers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The integration is available to all PagerDuty customers. However, the following feature is only available for Pagerduty Business Plan and up customers.
```

### Incidents by PagerDuty

> **PagerDuty incident response actions directly from the Datadog interface**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> Incidents by PagerDuty allows users to take incident action directly from the 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Incidents by PagerDuty allows you to take incident action directly from the 
```

> Datadog interface. It arms responders with knowledge of ongoing incidents within PagerDuty 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Datadog interface. It arms you with knowledge of ongoing incidents within PagerDuty 
```

along with the ability to acknowledge and resolve all with a seamless navigation back into
PagerDuty without having to context switch between tools.

#### Features include
- Display up to 20 high urgency and active incidents for your teams
- Ability acknowledge and resolve incidents for your teams
- Ability to navigate into PagerDuty to view individual incidents and their services as well as into your incident list

> #### Requirements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> - Available to all PagerDuty customers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

## Setup

> Configuration Walkthrough

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> 1. In your Datadog account, navigate to Dashboards. Select the dashboard that you would like to add the Status Dashboard widget to, or [create a new dashboard](https://docs.datadoghq.com/dashboards/#new-dashboard).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. In your Datadog account, navigate to Dashboards. Select the dashboard that you would like to add the Status Dashboard widget to, or [create a new dashboard][1].
```

2. In the dashboard, click **+Add Widgets** to the right of the dashboard title. Scroll to the right through the widgets, and then drag and drop the **PagerDuty** widget(s) into your desired position on your dashboard.

> 3. In the Custom Widget Editor modal, click **Connect**. Select your **service region** and then **log in** to your PagerDuty account.You will be redirected to the Custom Widget Editor where you will see a preview of how the widget will appear. Below the preview, under **Widget options** you may optionally select which additional capabilities that you would like the dashboard to default to. You may also optionally change the **Widget title**, if desired. Click **Done** to add the widget to your dashboard. The integration is now complete.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. In the Custom Widget Editor modal, click **Connect**. Select your **service region** and then **log in** to your PagerDuty account. Upon redirection to the Custom Widget Editor, a preview of how the widget will appear. Below the preview, under **Widget options**, optionally select which additional capabilities that you would like the dashboard to default to. You may also optionally change the **Widget title**. Click **Done** to add the widget to your dashboard.
```

## Support

- The Incident widget is available for all PagerDuty Customers.

> Please [contact our Sales Team](https://www.pagerduty.com/contact-sales/) if you would like to become a 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Contact the PagerDuty Sales Team][2] if you would like to become a 
```

> PagerDuty customer or [support@pagerduty.com](mailto:support@pagerduty.com) for any troubleshooting. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PagerDuty customer or [Datadog Support][3] for any troubleshooting. 
```

- The status dashboard widget is only available on Business plans and up. 

> Please [contact our Sales Team](https://www.pagerduty.com/contact-sales/) if you would like to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Contact the Pagerduty Sales Team](https://www.pagerduty.com/contact-sales/) if you would like to
```

> upgrade to a plan including the status dashboard feature and incidents by Pagerduty.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
upgrade to a plan including the status dashboard feature and incidents by Pagerduty.

[1]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/dashboards/#new-dashboard
[2]: https://www.pagerduty.com/contact-sales/
[3]: https://www.datadoghq.com/support/
```

- The Widget displays the current status of key business services and their impacting business services to get complete context while working on incidents.
- Improves communication between response teams and stakeholders during incidents.

#### Requirements
- Available to all Pagerduty Business Plan and up customers

### Incidents by PagerDuty
**PagerDuty incident response actions directly from the Datadog interface**

Incidents by PagerDuty allows users to take incident action directly from the 
Datadog interface. It arms responders with knowledge of ongoing incidents within PagerDuty 
along with the ability to acknowledge and resolve all with a seamless navigation back into
PagerDuty without having to context switch between tools.

#### Features include
- Display up to 20 high urgency and active incidents for your teams
- Ability acknowledge and resolve incidents for your teams
- Ability to navigate into PagerDuty to view individual incidents and their services as well as into your incident list

#### Requirements
- Available to all PagerDuty customers

## Setup
Configuration Walkthrough

> 1. In your Datadog account, navigate to Dashboards.
> Select the dashboard that you would like to add the Status Dashboard widget to, 
> or [create a new dashboard](https://docs.datadoghq.com/dashboards/#new-dashboard).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. In your Datadog account, navigate to Dashboards. Select the dashboard that you would like to add the Status Dashboard widget to, or [create a new dashboard](https://docs.datadoghq.com/dashboards/#new-dashboard).
```

> 2. In the dashboard, click **+Add Widgets** to the right of the dashboard title. 
> Scroll to the right through the widgets, and then drag and drop the **PagerDuty** widget(s) 
> into your desired position on your dashboard.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. In the dashboard, click **+Add Widgets** to the right of the dashboard title. Scroll to the right through the widgets, and then drag and drop the **PagerDuty** widget(s) into your desired position on your dashboard.
```

> 3. In the Custom Widget Editor modal, 
> click **Connect**. Select your **service region** and then **log in** to your PagerDuty account.
> You will be redirected to the Custom Widget Editor where you will see a preview of
> how the widget will appear. Below the preview, under **Widget options** you may optionally 
> select which additional capabilities that you would like the dashboard to default to. 
> You may also optionally change the **Widget title**, if desired. Click **Done** to add the 
> widget to your dashboard. The integration is now complete.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
3. In the Custom Widget Editor modal, click **Connect**. Select your **service region** and then **log in** to your PagerDuty account.You will be redirected to the Custom Widget Editor where you will see a preview of how the widget will appear. Below the preview, under **Widget options** you may optionally select which additional capabilities that you would like the dashboard to default to. You may also optionally change the **Widget title**, if desired. Click **Done** to add the widget to your dashboard. The integration is now complete.
```
